We do have good friends
in our congregation,
but there is so much work!
Why is Jessica so upset?
OK, maybe I should’ve asked
before turning down that dinner invite,
but she knows how busy I am.
I’ve got elder’s meetings, work,
pioneering.
But she just says
we never do anything fun anymore.
Maybe she’s right.
Sometimes even when we’re together,
we’re not really together.
Our lives are filled
with spiritual activities
but our family worship
hasn’t exactly been regular.
Maybe I fooled myself
into thinking
that because we’re busy
doing things for Jehovah,
it’s OK to skip it sometimes.
We argued again tonight
and then went to bed angry
—something we said we’d never do.
The next morning
I told Jessica how sorry I was,
and she admitted
that she felt bad too.
We decided to research
Ephesians chapter 4
that night for family worship.
One article mentioned:
“How sad it would be
if marriage mates spoke to each other
with less respect than . . .
total strangers!”
That really struck us.
Then we read
Ephesians 4:31, 32:
“Put away from yourselves
every kind of malicious bitterness,
“anger, wrath, screaming,
and abusive speech,
“as well as everything injurious.
“But become kind to one another,
“tenderly compassionate,
freely forgiving one another
just as God also by Christ
freely forgave you.”
We both promised to work
on making our words and tone
more loving and kind.
We also studied the Bible accounts
of Aquila and Priscilla,
who were a beautiful example
of what it means
for a married couple
to be “one flesh.”
They were together at home,
at work,
and in the ministry.
That’s when we realized
we needed to draw closer as a couple.
Since then,
we do as much as we can together.
We’re still busy
in spiritual activities,
but they’re never an excuse
to neglect our relationship.
And now we aren’t just marriage mates;
we’re once again best friends.